fix: clarify email address sign up requirements (#1793)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options.mdx

In the application configuration screen, you can select multiple identifiers, but at least one is required.

> **Email address** is the most common primary identifier. When email address is the only enabled identifier, users must supply their email address during setup, and also keep an email address on their account at all times. However, the email address that was used for registration can be later changed from the user's profile page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Email address** is the most common primary identifier. When it is the only enabled identifier, users are required to supply an email address during sign-up and keep one on their account at all times. The email address that was supplied during sign-up can be later changed from the user's profile page.
```
